So, in our previous video, we wrote our sample contract,
and we're importing this file or this already OpenZeppelin contract,
and then we're just giving it the basic names, symbol,
decimals, initial supply in which deeply deployed.
Now, you will see that if you compile it just the way it is we've done it so far,
it is going to give you an error,
since these two functions in the underscore totalSupply,
and the underscored balances mapping are declared to be private in
ERC20 dot sol file which I'll show in just a second, by default.
So, we're going to go to this file and make them internal,
that means they are accessible from these derived contracts
because they've just made it private for now.
So, I'm going to show you,
so you're going to go to node_modules folder.
Once you go to node_modules folder,
you're going to go to your OpenZeppelin,
and there're a lot of the list here.
So let's move on to OpenZeppelin.
Then, we're in OpenZeppelin we're into
a token folder just the way I've walked you through the GitHub page exact same base,
you're go into node_modules,
OpenZeppelin, token ERC20 in ERC20.
But if you didn't have it,
so I've already made internal in my case,
but these by default are private.
So, if you would have just downloaded without,
then the npm and without changing it is going to be private.
So, this file is not going to be able to access it.
So, I'm going to make it internal back.
So these two variables here,
so the mapping one and the totalSupply one.
Make sure they're internal, not private.
Because if it's private, it's not going to be able to access this from that function.
So, make sure you take care of that,
the very first thing that you're going to have to do.
Now, you've done with us.
Now you're going to change this two variables to internal.
Make sure to save this file for sure, you have to do that.
Now I'm also going to show you to deploy this contract with
local test network and also then to rinkeby with the public test and file.
Because once we create our token,
of course, we need to be able to send it to our friend's.
So, we need to be in some public network.
Let's first of all just deployed locally just to show you the process.
I'm going to close this file,
since we're done with this file that's all we needed to change in this file.
Also wanted to show you before we got deployed,
there's a couple of things that you wanted to make sure that you take it of it.
First is a truffle.js file.
We're going to go to our truffle.js file,
and you're going to type this code in your truffle, again,
the code is mentioned in the bottom of the screen.
I'll walk you to the code also,
so let's go to a truffle JS file which is this one.
For Windows, you're going to go to truffle-config.js,
I'm on Mac, so I'm going to truffle.js.
Now, what I'm doing here is that I'm actually giving it two different environments.
So, either you can deployed on
migrated to a local network or you can also deploy to a rinkeby network,
so we need to give this two options.
So, this is my when I run my truffled wallet it runs on nine,
five, four, five, and I'll show in just a second.
Then this is for rinkeby.
Now, if you see it just comes in fact when you
downloaded the truffle and you start open it you will see that this is given to you.
So, what is this here? This is the rinkeby.
So if you want to deploy to rinkeby,
you have to create your own provider,
and this is what it is doing.
So, creating a provider the very first link
here that we have is a link that is coming from MetaMask.
So, this is the link for MetaMask.
If you have MetaMask installed which you should by now,
then you're going to get this is the initial seed that
MetaMask gave you when you downloaded MetaMask.
The second is Infura link.
Infura again, I think we worked on that video just about a couple videos back,
but again if you don't have Infura I'll walk you.
But just a second this is the link that's coming from Infura that gives you,
or that you're hosting a node,
or using one of their nodes to deploy in the rinkeby network.
So, let me show you how you would do that.
So, you're going to go to Infura.
I have everything already set up here.
But if you don't, you just going to go to infura.io,
and I will have the links for that in the bottom of the screen,
and then you're going to say,
click on get started for free I'm already signed in for now,
but you're going to click on get started for free.
It's shows something right here.
Then what it does is that once you sign up,
it's going to send you an email,
you have to confirm that email address and just then go back on the website, that's it.
Now, what we need to do is get your API key.
This is a key that we note.
The easiest way to do that is you'll see a link here that says learn how Infura works,
and just skip on it,
and then you're going to see the screen, that's it.
Pretty simple, create an account,
confirm your email address,
and then get started.
There's a skip button on the side, and that's it,
and then you're going to see a screen like this that says Create New Project.
I've already created that and then you're going to give a name to your project.
So, creating a project is going to give an empty project.
I already have done that, so I don't have to do it.
Now, from the end point,
you are going to copy whatever node that you want to deploy it to,
or whatever network you're want to deploy to.
So, I'm going to do rinkeby,
and I'm going to copy this.
Now, this is what you need that you're going to connect to.
So, I'm going to take this code,
and I'm going to paste it back in my,
which I already have,
in my right there.
So, this is my node that I'm using the rinkeby node.
So, that's all. This is the truffle.js file.
Make sure you save this file because once we all set with this,
this is the whole part that you have do,
and then in the next video we're going to start deploying it.